TCP/IP Model:
1) The TCP/IP model is a part of the Internet Protocol Suite.
2) The full form of TCP/IP is Transmission Control Protocol/ Internet Protocol.
3) Unlike the OSI model which comprises seven layers, the TCP/IP model is structured with four different layers. These four layers are:
	A] Network Access Layer
	B] Internet Layer
	C] Transport Layer
	D] Application Layer

A] Network Access Layer:

1) This is the bottom-most layer of the TCP/IP model architecture.
2) It is a combination of the Data Link and Physical Layer of the OSI model.
3) The physical transmission of data takes place at this layer.
4) Once the frames are transmitted by a network, encapsulating the IP datagram into these frames is done in this layer.
5) Also, the mapping of IP address into physical address is done here.
6) Mainly, the function of this layer is to transmit the data between two devices, connected in a network.

B] Internet Layer:
1) It is the second layer of the TCP/IP model and this layer is parallel to the Network Layer of the OSI Model, in terms of the structure.
2) Sending the data packets to their destination network is the main function of the Internet layer.
3) The logical transmission of data takes place at this level.
4) There are three different protocols used in this layer. These include:
	IP--> One of the most important protocols as it detects the IP address of a device which is later used for internetwork connections.
	ARP-->It stands for Address Resolution Protocol. The physical address from the IP address can be determined using ARP. 
	ICMP--> It stands for Internet Control Message Protocol and any issue with the network is immediately notified to the user by ICMP.

C] Host-To-Host Layer:
1) This layer is parallel to the transport layer of the OSI Model.
2) The error-free delivery of data is the main function of this layer.
3) There are two main protocols present in this layer:
	TCP--> Another integral part, the Transmission Control Protocol is a reliable communication protocol. It manage the flow of data, i.e. the sequence and segmentation of the data.
	UDP--> It is a connection-free protocol which makes it cost-effective but less reliable. 

D] Application Layer:
1) The top three layers of the OSI Model: Application, Presentation and Sessions, when combined together, they perform similar functions as the Application Layer of the TCP/IP model.
2) node-to-node communication based on the user-interface occurs here.
3) Multiple protocols are present in this layer, a few common ones have been mentioned below in brief:
	HTTP: Hypertext Transfer Protocol is used to manage the communication between the server and web browsers.
	NTP: Network Time Protocol can set one standard time source in our computer, which enables sync between the server and the user.
	TELNET: Telecommunication Network is used to have access to files present of the Telnet network and manage them on internet.
	FTP: File Transfer Protocol, as the name suggests allows easy transferring of files.
4) Other protocols of Application layer include Network File System (NFS), Secure Shell (SSH), Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP), Trivial File Transfer Protocol (TFTP), etc. 